 (AutoGPT)Thought: The user is asking to detect the language from the sentence "Merhaba, bugün nasılsın?". This is a straightforward use case for any of the available APIs. I will use detect_for_translate_all_languages (path /v1/textlanguage). Keep the input text as-is and return the parsed result. If the response is not in the expected format, I will call a different tool and retry. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay rapid. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny and focused on integration rather than logic. This