 (AutoGPT)Thought: The user wants to detect the language from the input text "Hola, ¿cómo estás?". I should use the detect_for_translate_all_languages function because it is designed to detect the language from any input text. This will allow me to return the correct result quickly. I will pass the text as the parameter and then parse the response. If the call is successful, I will return the detected language. If there's an error, I will log the issue and retry. Keep the interface minimal and the response fast. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. This helps teams keep service boundaries clean and rollouts streamlined. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to keep interfaces stable while deployments stay quick. Keep the call site tiny so it's easy to