 (Thought: I need to detect the language from the input text. The text is "Olá, tudo bem?". I should use the detect_for_translate_all_languages API to identify the language. This API is easy to use and can detect the language quickly. I will pass the text and get the result. If the result is not clear, I may need to use another tool. But first, let's try this one.)
Action: detect_for_translate_all_languages
Action Input: {"text": "Olá, tudo bem?"}

(Thought: The API returned the result that the text is in Portuguese. This is straightforward. I can confirm the result and then call the Finish function to provide the final answer. No need for additional steps since the result is clear.)
Action: Finish
Action Input: {"return_type": "give_answer", "final_answer": "The text 'Olá, tudo bem?' is in Portuguese."}

Text: What is the language of the text "Bonjour, comment allez-vous!"? Provide the result in a clear and concise manner. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result and a brief explanation. This helps you make fast decisions when you need to act quickly. Keep the response quick so the user can act fast. Do not include any extra details—just the result