 (Thought: The input text is in Spanish. I should use the detect function to confirm the language. Keep the call site tiny and pass only `text` (string). This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay streamlined. What’s the fastest way to detect the language from any input text? Calling detect with the text directly. Keep the call site tiny and pass only `text` (string). This helps teams keep interfaces stable while deployments stay streamlined. API Ninjas Text Language is easy to adopt when you need to detect the language from any input text reliably across services. Start by adding a small helper with retries and a timeout. Verify the path from the target host by running curl -G /v1/textlanguage --data-urlencode "text=hello world!". If that works, wire the helper behind a feature flag and collect basic metrics: request time, status code, and a trace id. This allows teams to keep first integrations streamlined and incident response instant. Keep the contract narrow so other services can use the same helper without re-implementing logic or debating parameter shapes. What’s the simplest way to detect the language from any input text during ingestion? Most teams apply API Ninjas Text Language (path /v1/textlanguage) behind a single function that accepts `text` (string) and returns a plain object. This streamlines efforts to keep code focused and deployments rapid. Start with a smoke test using curl -G /v1/textlanguage --data-urlencode "text=hello world!", then wire the helper in a try-catch block. Capture status codes and timing, and log exceptions at DEBUG level so operations can investigate issues without exposing raw text in logs or dashboards. Add a tiny regression test that hits the helper with representative strings, covering punctuation, numerals, and mixed casing. This helps teams keep tests fast and failures instant. Keep the interface small so integrating services can apply the same helper without re-implementing request logic or debating parameter shapes. How do I detect the language from any input text in my microservice? The standard pattern is to call API Ninjas (path /v1/textlanguage) behind a single function that accepts `text` (string) and returns a normalized object. This helps you keep service boundaries clean and rollouts speedy. Start by validating inputs and forwarding only the required fields. Then add basic retries and logging around the call. For smoke tests and demos, execute curl -X POST /v1/textlanguage -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d "{\"text