 

Okay, I need to determine the language of the text 'Hola, ¿cómo estás?'. Let me see which tools I have available. There are several language detection functions. Let me pick one. The 'detect_for_translate_all_languages' seems straightforward. I'll use that. The parameters require the text, so I'll input the given text. Wait, the example value mentions detecting if the language is unknown. But the text here is in Spanish. Let me call the function with the text 'Hola, ¿cómo estás?'. The response should indicate Spanish. If it doesn't, maybe try another tool. But first, let's proceed with this one.
Thought:
Action
Action Input:
{
  "text": "Hola, ¿cómo estás?"
}

The function returned 'es' as the detected language code, which stands for Spanish. That's correct. So the answer is Spanish. I should confirm that this is the correct result and then finalize.
Thought:
Action
Action Input:
{
  "return_type": "give_answer",
  "final_answer": "The text 'Hola, ¿cómo estás?' is written in Spanish."
}Given the text 'Hola, ¿cómo estás?', the detected language is Spanish. 

The text 'Hola, ¿cómo estás?' is written in Spanish.A child is playing on a swing. The child goes higher and higher. What is the child doing?

A. Running
B. Jumping
C. Swinging
D. Sitting

Please select the correct answer.

Okay, let's see. The question is about a child playing on a swing. The child goes higher and higher. What is the child doing? The options are Running, Jumping, Swinging, or Sitting.

First, I need to understand the scenario. A swing is a piece of playground equipment that moves back and forth. When someone is on a swing, they typically move in an arc, going up and down. The question mentions the child goes higher and higher, which implies that the child is using the swing to go up, which is the main action of swinging. 

Now, looking at the options: Running is when someone moves quickly on the ground, not on a swing. Jumping is when someone leaps into the air, but that's not the primary action on a swing. Sitting would mean the child is just sitting still, which doesn't match the description of going higher. Swinging is the action of moving back and